[Music]
United States of America and to the
Republic foreign
please please
um
okay so next on the agenda uh we need to
work take the order that we have to
prove that agenda first so
um I need a motion to approve the agenda
for my promotion to approve the agenda
80 Seconds okay so what we're going to
do is we have to amend
with the approval of the agenda
um
second
and then in addition to that
superintendent report will move to right
after administrator record reports
the comments from the audience the
frequency agenda items will be item
eight and then the addition of comments
from the audience non-agenda items will
be
in place of superintendent reports item
12 which will be an ad underneath
well in a place of item 12.
I will make a motion to look for the
amended agenda okay that's it
all those in favor say aye aye you're
supposed
okay the motion period
[Music]
meeting
I'll make a motion um that's not I'll
make a motion to approve them and it's a
brief former meeting okay a second
I'll second that okay thirsty hole
um
first and
Carlos Carla yes
all those in favor yeah
those minutes on the annual report
um of the January date
um I did want to make a note that
it was in terms of the elect elect the
chairman it was trustee Hall made the
motion for the chair and you can see
that by looking at the video at 17
seconds
okay
you just said the only correction yes it
is the correction is noted okay
so
all those in favor of the amended
Amendment please say aye
aye those opposed
okay the motion carries
okay next on the agenda is celebrations
and delegation do we have any
no uh next uh
board Focus discussion items I should
ask the motion to bring the Ford Focus
and discussion items so far I'll make a
question to bring the Ford Focus
discussion items to the floor okay trust
me all first
uh especially reinfeld second safe
discussion
okay see none of the item is closed
um
I'm sorry for the courts
any board reports
I guess okay
all right
next on the items uh agenda is
administrator direct reports do I have a
motion to bring that to report
I'll make a motion to bring the
administrative directory for student
loan
okay
yes
foreign
[Applause]
thank you
so I'm Kim Shaner I'm the special ed
director I'm here at Wisconsin school
district and I did some more charts and
graphs just to show you guys kind of
where our special education population
is
um we currently have 147 students
receiving special education services as
you can see a highest the highest number
at 74 students at Priest River
Elementary
we have
11 students
at
Christopher Junior High
we have 33 students at Christopher High
School
26th in Idaho Hill Elementary
and
one at the lake
and I think I'm messaging your eyes
somewhere
I don't know
so we um
you can see by the second graph how many
teachers in relation to each of those
numbers we just hired a really
incredible life skills teacher for K3
and or I'm sorry three six at the
elementary school
um I wanted to talk a little bit about
our contracted services that we take
this year and those are Services I think
um
Miss Pavey had talked about those
unfended mandates
and this is one of those things where we
get into a situation where we have to
provide services
doesn't necessarily mean that they're
vending services
and it doesn't necessarily mean we have
the people to provide those services in
our district one of those being our
speech language pathologists we have to
have a speech language pathologist
to evaluate our students with speech and
language issues
we currently don't have one in our staff
so we've had to contract with other
companies
um our occupational therapist
we do not have enough students to
require a full-time occupational
therapist but we have to provide those
services
physical therapist is another one
where we're really struggling is binding
Behavior Specialists finding those
people qualified to work with our
students with behavior issues and as you
can see that's a big chunk of money
but when a student comes and has a
one-on-one or a behavior issue
we can't just say oh sorry we don't have
that that person for you so we have to
provide those services
currently even though we're using
outside services our outside Services
don't have any more people either
so
we are doing everything we can to
recruit people with degrees to come in
and work with our Behavior students
um I think next month at the board
report I'll go a little bit more in
depth of our with our contracted
services but I just kind of wanted to do
you guys thinking about those contracted
Services a little bit I know there's
been a lot of questions about them
so like I said we've had I have been
lucky enough to hire a couple of
teachers who have a lot of experience
recently
but we still seem to get that large
population of behavior issues within all
of our schools
um
so one of the things our department has
done to increase morale was we
implemented a gold star program and
anybody in our department maybe you get
nominated for any reason they get a gold
star they get put in for a drawing every
two weeks we'll draw and they get it
I've been buying gift cards for them and
they get a gift cards but it's really
neat to go around to the schools and
they have those little gold stars up on
their bullet rewards and stuff so
it seems to be working
um looking forward
I really want I guess the board to think
about how how do we keep our employees
how are we going to really
keep those those
good teachers that have experience and
and how do we recruit those those people
like a speech language pathologist or
even an occupational therapist we could
look at sharing with another District
um
just I guess I would really like you
guys to think about that as as I I don't
have the answer
I know
and I think I say this all the time but
I know um we've tried to hire a couple
speech language Pathologists and they've
turned us down
based on their salaries
um
we also need a personal care nurse
really bad
and we're really struggling for that
let's have a student one of those
another one of the offended mandates who
requires full-time nursing care
and once again it's hard to get a nurse
to come and work for what our pay scale
is
um
another idea I had is how can we really
build capacity on our own employees so
we don't have to contract those Services
up so I just wanted to leave you guys
with that and I guess give you an idea
of where special services and our
staffing and our students are
you guys have any questions yeah yeah um
the figures that you have here on the
top of the graph what time frame those
were contacted surfaces egg from uh from
the kind of school start started through
the end of December okay so test for
this yes yes
I guess I guess I have more questions
with your Kim is I know that some school
districts are using a program grow your
own yeah that works with our with us for
the special services it could
um it could yes I
I have had a couple of universities
contact me I um
where they promised to get people
through their programs
I also was on a meeting with all the
special ed directors and they're talking
about doing uh
BAC
Baca it's a behavior program and trying
to get it through the state to have it a
coupon Personnel Services
certificate for it so it's a applied
Behavior Analysis
certificate
[Applause]
this is
foreign
breakfast
restaurants
friends
nice
attack
all right
foreign
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
[Applause]
everything
foreign
and she stated that the chocolate
expenses at 50 are for students that
can't ride the bus
because we don't have a driver for the
route
um
where she wanted verification
about that
so the procedure is that that goes to
the train
the train director which
um
and believe that answers to
I also went ahead and ran a general
ledger report on the
Inland payments as well as general
election report
um
but what you'll see is that it was
originally budgeted for three thousand
dollars and we've expanded
year-to-date over eleven thousand
dollars this encumbrance is what we are
projected
to pay out by the Android
space
drivers
you are correct the
don't have to spend further developments
with that and so hopefully this
projection will change in the very near
future
that are having their parents bring you
to school is not because they were
immediate
the isba travel expense
the deal
wasn't sure where the the best economy
could have come out of travel or
purchase service
but that is what that experience
the isba annually I printed
out here this is a
for this year and then I also went ahead
and pitched off from
from Services how much
vendor I
and then this year's thus far and then I
also did the same thing with our legal
firm
so your question was how much do we pay
family honestly
it's super professional development
and that's not how the bills are
actually paid but it almost
it's recorded by Florida
absolutely so and your last question was
in Lake Ponderay
School District that is the portion of
tree that was received that's what I
thought it was good thanks
and then
and they only they charged strippers
um
was not all of your questions
you have a few different questions
regarding
Carlos Newport Towing RWC group and
Inland Northwest therapy and I'm
I need copies of
these purchase orders and invoices for
you unless you have specifics
RWC group is that part of those it was
for 23 100
was that um question
mark
even though it's RWC group it's a
professional
surfaces at 85 so it's synthetic has to
be looking for transportation
no you are correct that is linked with
transportation
so I don't think that there's an
association with our
selves
did you have any other questions
any other questions
thank you
okay old business
new business action items uh
I made a motion to uh
item a facilities use agreement
um
[Music]
right
hello everyone for uh probably the 20th
year
uh connection 97 Masonic Lodge would
like to bring another good show to the
school district
and raise a little money for
scholarships and
I've got a donation to the junior high
and many many other projects that we
have throughout the year
requesting the
set up on Friday the 7th and then being
open Saturday and Sunday nine to five
nine to three
and as always we
clean the floor put down tarps of
we have security we asked the police
department the sheriff department to
come by and visit us a couple times
throughout the day in the evening make
sure everything's okay we do have
guards and everything is secured so I
don't think we've ever had an issue of
any kind
um
so we're just requesting the use of that
again
of just your permission
one other thing too if I may
in order to facilitate a little more
ability to plan ahead would it be
possible that
maybe the first of the year like this
and then get a secondary approval for
some time in the fall like August
September or October because of what
that way we can play around other gun
shows of course this is more than the
gun show there's leather works and all
kinds of stuff there ammo and
so on and so forth
if that would be
something we could approve and we just
sit in and known or come and ask you for
that weekend and then if it were not a
problem you know we could
okay so what you're asking for is
approval for two two times we were
making a lot easier on us because it's a
scramble to get insurance
I've been contacted by the insurance
agents already and
and tell you say yes
I can't buy the insurance because it's
state specific so
um
okay
Sonic live
right
two two dates or two times
the future date pending is that correct
yeah we could uh as soon as we can look
at a schedule because these guys all
schedule a year or ahead of time they
know where they're going
uh would be very helpful we could give
you that address or I'm sorry that date
pretty quickly
someday that Mr nickel writing his
proposed back with that information for
the future board meeting with that word
um just giving us more of these things
[Music]
okay okay so
the motion on the table is to approve
the application as stated all those in
favor
as opposed in motion period all right
thank you very very much and we'll do
our best to do what we can for this
community as always
20 or some years later
thank you thank you thank you that's
April 7th right
yes thank you all right
next on the uh University action items
is a consideration and approval of
polygraphical contract
thank you
let's evolve first do I hear a second
I'll second yeah okay trustee Barton
seconds
um I think it makes sense given our work
session um that we just had I think it's
critical that we
um probably especially for this first
time with the new Idaho code and the
language that needs to be put on the
ballot make sure that we do it right I
would um I would be in favor of
approving this contract and routines
these attorneys okay
any other comments
so the fees that are on the second page
this is basically what we're looking at
is that Prince I understand the other
contract is
yes
the total that would be super yes no but
there was an estimate that there was the
per there's a per uh there's an hourly
charge
okay that their estimate was there
I think in order for us to do diligence
on this and make sure that
whatever ends up being proposed is
proposed correctly would make sense
so we're going to have any outside help
okay
any other comments
and the lawyers that we have anything
they can't do this some of this please
they specialize they work with a few
different
school districts in our area and have a
significant amount of experience doing
this
okay
all those in favor of
um
approval of the polyproxyl contract say
aye aye those opposed motion carries
thank you very much
okay uh next on the agenda is the policy
first read
um
because we want to pull that up or do we
just did you guys
okay
um I need a motion to bring policy 4105
public participation in coordinators to
the floor I will make a motion to bring
policy 4105 public participation and
coordinating to report okay first you
call first Marine
the second group
um
do I hear a second last second okay
sure Brown in a second
okay
discussion
um there's several things on the 4105
that I am looking at and
um
have concerns about okay and it can be
grown up I will go down to what I'm
looking at and I appreciate the person I
want to say appreciate the policy review
committing for taking a look at this I
did look at the rsba policies and also
cross-reference on one of our Western
Academy school district 4105 policies so
in terms of if you're looking at these
policies I do have a question
um whether the committee there is a
highlighted yellow section that West
Palmer County School District currently
doesn't include
but was included and I I just um the
isda version which is a person who
disrupts the educational process who or
whose presence is detrimental Memorial
health safety were you thinking of
scratching letter adding there see I can
speak of that that admittedly out of the
older version we talked about that that
was in there and we scratched it in a
later in the later version because if
you go to page who I think it is it says
if you're disruptive upstairs you're
escort you out and I can walk up there
um well and I also looked at our
original West Palmer County School
District the 4105 doesn't does not
include that
um policy so I don't know when you went
through this did you compare it against
our West Bonner School District I did I
did and we just thought that was about
originally was there and we thought it
was a double statement
um one those you can't see the screen
the first paragraph she talked about
says in accordance with Idaho law you
could basically go to jail if you're
disrupted and then later on download it
says you will be escorted out of here
going down further um I was looking at
in in terms of the bullets uh go back to
the first page
um where you have all of those the lists
one through five I also looked it's
where you've got that more because I
think you were trying to be consistent
but when I looked at if it was
inconsistent with
4105f because you put
um on this one you put the semicolons
after and then then but on where 105 F
which is the form you left it without
doing that so there's an inconsistency
there
um then with under please also District
policy number 4110 you did use the pub
you capitalize the public complaints and
suggestions
our 4110 West Bonner County School
District's current policy currently just
calls it public complaints so the
suggestion would be do not make it
capitalized because it doesn't reflect
our Wisconsin County School District
policy at the current name of that
policy in our policy handbook so it'd be
better just to leave it uncapitalized
regarding public complaints and
suggestions
then under the um there was nothing else
on that page I did see at the bottom
um making sure I think I might copy it
had 4105.2 at the bottom but I think it
was just because it was part of the
package
on the next page
um
there was a con there's a concern that
my concern is that well
just actually at the bottom of that page
um
the language there where it said public
comments from
um public comment from the public and
that is scheduled a legion will be
talked before action items and then
Public public comment from the public of
matters that currently on the gym not on
the agenda will need to take it before
the close of the meeting by striking
that we're only leaving it at the
beginning it doesn't leave it in two
different sections that was added into
August 21
where we were getting two minutes before
and two minutes after by striking that
it will just use it at one location
so then if you if people want to include
as we've been doing before and after I
mean we've talked about in 2021 it's you
know either doing that or extending
three minutes and that was went ahead
and did that
in terms of
um
also in terms of
after on the second page above total
time of Lottery
um one of the things that we ran into
and this was something that trustee the
vice chair
um Brown brought up during the
curriculum discussion back in August was
being able to identify
um who was in The Who were the public
comment was being made by was it people
in the district or out of the district
so I would suggest to the board that we
include the section out of isda's um
isda's suggested policy where we include
the order or at least have the people
within the district students who attend
this District school parents District
employees people at that have them have
a priority in those who do not belong to
any of these groups only be allowed to
speak at this time allowed in that room
but I do agree you know we did have a
one hour limit which is great
um public participation so I would
suggest that that parent those sets of
paragraphs from ISBN page two of my SBA
suggestions be inserted there
it's up for again for discussion if we
do do a three-minute a lot of people to
speak for three minutes this is our
business meeting it is something you
know I know other school districts do
three but we got a lot of three before
and three after but make it a long
meeting but that's up to the board next
paragraph where it says written
materials for for trustees
may be submitted to the board clerk they
must be submitted to the board foot and
when do you have an older version the
new version
[Music]
to okay all right and then down further
on that
um
I would suggest on this one I know it's
back and forth but because we have a
summer one session and we're you know
there's just you know we're up in the
air on something else I would suggest a
copy of the materials that make these
requirements we will be forward to the
trustees if received by noon Thursdays
receiving the board meeting that will
give a week for us to take care of it a
little bit of time on Friday for the
board clerk to get them out to the um to
the trustee so I would suggest instead
of receiving by noon the Friday
proceeding the board meeting on noon on
Thursday during the summer I would just
make it Thursday
um on that same paragraph and it may
have been corrected but tears may be
presented or mailed to the board's
secretary we did print that clerk I did
see someone else where it said um
secretary
um down because
of the diversity of issues and the
confines of the open meeting was
trustees
um I don't know if he changed this but
will not respond to public comment we
will get in big trouble if we open that
up and say maybe we may and also um
instead of the issues may be recorded
um
at the end of that sentence I think it
should be left what was there that it
should be where it says you record and
refer to the appropriate staff person
for a follow-up or placed on a future
board meeting agenda you've got and or
considered by the board addressed in the
pending agenda items through open
discussion or voting
we should not be making any additional
action items
um
that is I think the old those are the
only ones those are the changes those
are the things that I get jumped out at
me the biggest thing I went through and
compare the other two Europe but um your
items in West Helena Panama school to
sure so um the reason why it was uh that
the second photograph was taken out so
that would be a total of three minutes
so it wouldn't be three and three okay
and originally before that was changed
to two and two it was three minutes at
the beginning so we were just going back
to that and so um
and then it didn't have to be on my
agenda but it would be three minutes and
it could be that's how it is
and then as far as the because of the
diversity of the issues of the combined
with open meeting laws trustees will not
respond to public comment that may
because just leaves it open in case
there is some question they want to ask
that leaves us open
it makes it very dangerous for the open
meeting laws because they it can be used
in that if it's um the board does not
want to be in a position having to pay
for a violation of overheating laws
um
event you want to go to two minutes or
mobile efficiency you just tell us now
what you want from you know how to make
that change you know
Mice from what um Maureen said I you
remember Chris I mean I think the Board
needs to decide whether
you know is it three is it if it's all
just free and everything's just one
opportunity for public comment the
reason we did make the second you know
two and two the afterwards was that if
anything came up from the public during
the process like right now you've
already had your public comments
and this particular time has two minutes
at the end but if we changed it then it
could change that makeup of what it
would look like
somebody from the community wants to
come and
talk to the board and get for a couple
minutes it gives them the opportunity
because without having the second one
the Rendezvous or whatever again
you can't bring it up so
the way it is
and the only thing is that the chair
does have the discretion to extend it it
seems to come over here so it's not like
it's a part
did you have a question of what you said
because we all because what would be the
difference
for the Commissioners meetings and at
City Hall meetings and so forth when
they can actually have dialogue in open
comments
um with the constituents what's what's
the part that would limit us from not
being able to participate in here I
think that's why I had put the
Roundtable discussion sort of there
because it was a little bit you know
there could maybe be a little bit more
of a back and forth but I think at least
it's dangerously and it may leave them
dangerously open to violation of open
meaning because if something comes up
there
people would just need to know that if
something came up there
we just no decision could be made it
just really needs to be referred to that
agenda to the agenda
um and it I think it may be that there's
some things that are aren't always the
same I guess I would ask for
you know this might be a place to ask
legal counsel if it's all right but
everything you know that I've seen is
that there's not a back and forth it's
our you know it's our business meeting
and it's not adapt and forward but if
we're listening we can say you know
that's what I was trying to identify
that Roundtable discussion at the end so
that we can say okay I've heard this
let's put that on the agenda and that's
where I could you know so it was part of
that conversation but I think we're
we may understand it but the next group
may not understand it and it's a good
slope is what I get I guess I'm
concerned about and I I understand what
you're saying it's just like or when Mrs
Hurst was making a comment and she was
you know giving some information if
there had been something there that I
wanted to ask her about so I could get
better clarification I'd like to be able
to do that and so give her the
opportunity to also expand on what it is
that she was trying to share I think you
know
where we can talk to each other instead
of at each other it it helps us all so
we can understand this situation or the
question better maybe it's a thing of
where we
say for clarification purposes
so that it's not we have to just I mean
I just think again if it's not
using here it may be that we couldn't
maybe May respond to the public
[Music]
I think we should get legal
once unless I don't want to find or have
any penalties
so so I'm hearing that the board wants
to take this back to the policy
committee for legal counseling opposed
this is uh 41 side half request to
address the glory and let your emotions
do I have a second
trustee Hall first do I have a second
I'll second
okay excuse me
um again that yellow paragraph I don't
know Stephanie hasn't pulled it up I'm
assuming that was going to be scratched
again it would
um and I don't have a problem with that
um sort of intimidating
um so and then this one was just be
consistent between one through five
there was an inconsistency in the
punctuation and how you treated it
between tour 105 and 4105f
on that same paragraph
um there was if these
um just below if these channels have
been exhausted this form should be
filled out and handed to the board
employer adding board there
um under I guess again we were deciding
on that two minute two or three minutes
it sounds like the board when it looks
at two minutes
on the next paragraph the Board of
Trustees encourages and put them in
public
um that one instead of saying send send
them to the board secretary should
support clerk reading comments must be
included and
um name address telephone number and I
would include I would like to see
included and relationship to the
district and then underneath it says all
individuals appearing before the board
are expected to follow these guidelines
leading through that
um
I'd be very interested in seeing the
isbas number four in there in their form
which says
[Applause]
um
this one is speakers who are district
this has to do with speakers who are
district students parents Etc
um
we'll begin a priority over speakers who
are not members on any of these
categories attendees do not belong to
any of these groups only will only have
be allowed to speak after members of
these groups have provided so it's
basically they're giving us priority for
those who are in the district and that
was something that there was a concern
to Brent on a vice chair Brown had when
obviously looking at the curriculum and
then the last one item six
um which is on the revised version
um
I know that there may be some concerns
of I'd like to see item number seven
that's included on the isba included a
item which would end up which is now
item number six
um
but maybe
editing that a little bit more but I
think it's presentations aren't you
civil and respectful any person
otherwise engaged in illegal is a little
bit out of context and doesn't read
smoothly and I would like you I would be
curious to have that Revisited item
number seven on isba to be revisit it
because that it's a sentence or two
that's taken out of context and doesn't
flow very well
okay
so and then the form itself actually
page number three
um under date name I can be interested
to see maybe the relationship to the
district with the checklist that was
that's been included in isbas and then
on the last other the two asterisks at
the bottom it says please deliver a
completed copy of this form to the
board's comma clerk I would just say to
the board clerk prior to announcement
rather than the board's book just make
it workbook
great
so is the board
gonna go ahead with two minutes four
arms and two minutes off
going forward
so that we know at least on him that's
that's what we decided okay okay so
um are we all agreement with respecting
Health addicts
again I think we could imagine okay
so
the best thing is to do right now is to
um
back to the committee for
um rewarding and bring it back
okay all those in favor for sending them
back to this lady
yes please I'll make a motion to me and
um 4105
okay
especially all first vice versa around
seconds all those in favor
all those opposed okay the motion period
okay next policy 5280 Professional
Standards
yes
a second
okay discussion
and I if if the policy committee is just
keeping the 52-a just that first section
or are you looking at what are you
looking at so and I actually did that
one so it used to be it was in the old
one they had about three pairs up front
about to say for local and then it had
all these sections evolved from IPA
whatever that documents what Idaho came
back and said is they deleted all the
stuff since it says You must comply with
blaze version
now it's down about two pages I kept all
local stuff because we're allowed to
have our local stuff on top of thick
ones and then it just has that one
statement in there and it says You must
comply with the latest version and my
only comment is is that we have to have
that latest version on our website so
I'm an employee and I must comply with
what it is I want to be able to type it
in and see what it is and now it's on
the agenda the actual the last IP ABA 80
whatever it is is on there so I just
showed the documents all the state did
they pulled out all this extra senses
because it's in the other document and
that's all this stuff just says here's
what we wanted I didn't change anything
and it referenced the most recently
they're more good so I would make a
change to what we had I remember
on our individual local document okay
because
um because I wasn't sure whether you're
keeping the other Ed combining it so I'm
5280 West Columbia County School
District 5280 on the first page
um
two paragraphs above where it says
personal conflict of interest
we added
in
2016 or so 2017 a line there that said
districts employees who are contacted
not that one uh where does that one's on
I know it's in here
it okay no excuse me it's on the second
page above insubordinate conduct
and it says nothing in this polishing
shall require the superintendent or
board in the case when the conflict of
interest directly relates to the
superintendent to transfer an employee
to a different position in an effort to
avoid a conflict of interest if doing so
would not be the best interest of the
district
and
that paragraph
and and I you know that paragraph was
added for a reason and that created I
think in
um
and you know everybody did their best
job possible but that paragraph
basically allowed the superintendent and
the business manager to have a
relationship be married
and so that paragraph was added so I
would say that we either change that or
delete that paragraph in the final
version
because it it's not I hate to say it I
think it wasn't in the best interest I
mean I everyone did a great job but I
think it also created a lot of headaches
and I'm not sure that's the best
paragraph to read
I would agree with
you and that's the history of behind
that one
all right
so do you want to rewarded or you want
to delete it
right here done
so we'll come back for a second ring but
that's the way it was my bra
okay we need a question to take it back
for an attic I will make a motion to
remember to the policy Community groups
okay five seconds
viewers
um
I'd like to thank the committee for
looking through all this it's an arduous
task
okay next on the agenda is consideration
and approval of the five-year strategic
plan do I hear do I have a motion
running before
trustee our trustees
um rainbow seconds
any comments
[Music]
no I spoke to us
she's tired
you don't want to go through it one more
time I guess I want to say thank you to
bring to the branner and to the
leadership team everybody who put
efforts into it um I I greatly
appreciate that effort and
um seeing this move forward and making
the budget too much it's been what I
wanted to see and so it's great to see
it I it's just you know hopefully it's a
working document so if it doesn't try to
work like I'd work by document should be
it can be tweaked as we find that it's
not quite right but I think
I'm glad that thank you
okay any other comments
okay all those in favor of adopting or
improving the uh five years between
plants AI those opposed in the motion
periods
all right
um
next up is the
oh wait sorry
comments from the audience not into the
items I don't have any papers is there
anybody who wants McDonald's
yes sir on the 33 512-11
does not apply to the district office it
only applies to school this to schools
so when you're looking at that
one policy that you guys had on there
have your team looking for 33 5 12 11
because it will not apply to this
district office we do not teach kids
cereal and teach kids in schools and
that's where the place okay thank you
okay
all right
next up is Treasures report can I ask
for a question because we did have the
public contemporary and you're asking
for comments now and we did present the
petition is there any way we can get
comment from the board on that or is
that going to be discussed at a later
time yeah as far as if we're going to
bring it up again or
well just because there's precedence
already made from a petition with 20
signatures and we have a petition of
over 200 signatures there's obviously a
desire in the community that has more
discussion to continue with how this
scheduling is going to happen so that
the board is aware of what they're
actually approving which has already
been approved but we didn't know how
everything was good okay so I'm just
questioning how you handle these
petitions moving forward
given that in the past it was
reviewed in the 20s and
I didn't know about the plan I have a
copy of the petition that you guys had
that advertising signatures on it that
brought the curriculum back to the board
and there was only 20 signatures on it
according to the records request
so I have a copy if you need to see that
okay
um
fair enough
I don't know what to say to that other
than we've been we can talk about it
and the policy to bring something to
them
back onto the agenda it either has to be
two board members willing to say that
they want to bring it to the agenda it
can be suggested by the public to bring
something to the agenda okay so those
are that's the items
and I
would
249 signatures is a lot to bring to and
I think there's some questions that
would need to be answered so it may be
that we look at the questions that would
go but I think it's um we don't really
have a discussion item I think it's
something just that suggests maybe under
board reflection which is sort of the
Round Table discussion is to
um look at the signature look about
according to back to the table for more
discussion can we get a copy of those
questions that one of you had oh that
was that was just my personal
um questions there are comments also on
the survey that people that people who
did this survey which only had I think
um people on it but yeah I would
definitely here's the signatures and
here's my questions yes please so they
could get down to the board clericals
yeah we can make make copies of it thank
you very much
and send it out
thank you
okay
um
yes okay so thank you
thank you very much thank you
um
thank you for being involved
next is a Treasures report
are there any questions uh Stephanie I
did have questions really briefly
did you
um I I guess I didn't see your question
but I don't have a problem with
answering I think you should be able to
if you can open enough it's there's a
couple
okay at the bottom sorry yes and then a
couple of the treasures report this time
for the district or student body
um for the district the treasurer cash
summary
okay so there I'm not seeing the levy
for 2022 2023 I'm seeing 218 through
22 but not this year's
so I'm wondering what am I missing
so I've been cleaning up our accounts in
terms of so if you see
sorry it's hard for me it's not
duplicated on my screen but right here
we have our our friends which you know
trustee Hall I'm just sharing for for
everybody's knowledge but these funds
remain the same and our Levy funds are
101 102 103 and 104. this description
does change based upon right here that
the
the Levee amount is going into so we
keep four levees on our books or four
levey years on our books
um
I am not exactly sure why the title
didn't change over but the levy for this
current year is level three so I will
look into why that description I I would
assume that it's a database discrepancy
though so which one do you think is the
28th to 2018 29. I don't think I know
it's 103. it's 103. okay correct about
it okay and then there was one more
um there was on 254 it was said
undesignated there are two undesignated
that I've picked up ones for 254 and the
other was
um 254 right 254 it says undesignated
okay that is going to be another
database error
um that fun254 the title of that fund is
our cersa okay and then the other one
backing up is 250 probably the thumb
that is 250 is going to be our sr3
correct so that that's going to be our
database sometimes
um our accounting system I change it in
one place and it doesn't get reflected
in the next place and as I learned in
the system I'm ironing out those details
and making sure that you're seeing the
most
updated correct information so thank you
for that feedback okay I think those
were
um and then there was under 275
um intense Blended learning cares act
there was sort of like 140 000. that is
also a uh a fund that needs to be
retitled that is a fund that has been uh
for lack of a better phrase recycle uh
so our 140 000 was that
um
I want to call it premium pay from the
governor back in I think it was awarded
in September okay
[Music]
um I would have to let me see
then the governor's learning loss I was
wondering if you were attending
reimbursement we are pending
reimbursement I have not I believe we've
have we've been approved but we haven't
seen that check yet okay and then I'm
sorry you said that the learning loss is
the one that we're fund 275. yes I I
submitted reimbursement I want to say
two weeks ago and we just haven't seen
that
check yet and I'm thinking Governor's
learning law since there's zeros on the
beginning receipt and transferring in
this that was still waiting for the
numbers yes and I actually received
guidance from uh the state I believe
that was yesterday that maybe we should
be using m2782 for that entitlement
Corona dollars
um but that might be more information on
what you're seeking right now okay and
then I do have one question on a student
body summary report and it's the library
funds
and it looks like we have a negative 5
331.60 that's a high school or something
there about my reading this right
um what's our plan to is there any plan
to collect on that
I mean like with this Schoolcraft
procedures I just wonder how often how
much is that up a loss I mean in terms
of the technical Financial
you know how much do we actually write
on them on the library finds do we have
any kind of percentage on the student
side
um
questions so students do not walk across
the stage of data the future fights
okay we cannot withhold their diploma or
transcripts
and we should find that every dollar
okay that's those are my questions for
teacher that
thank you
[Applause]